Preamble:  Being necessary to the business of administering a small open-source community project, the code of conduct should ensure that contributors are welcomed and able to perform their roles in the project without fear of harassment or discrimination, and without being subjected to the problem of harassment or discrimination of others, and without being subjected to slander due to the outside activities of their peers on the project.  A Code of conduct for a FOSS project ought to be Free as in Freedom and ought to advocate for liberty and the pursuit of happiness by welcoming contribution, upholding merit, and eschewing behaviors that harm or harass other contributors.

The very general rules, policies, and guidance for conduct when associating with this project are as follows:
1. Contributions will be vetted, assessed, and accepted purely on basis of merit. Contributor's race, gender, sexual orientation, and other biographical information does not need be known, and will never be asked for.
2. Contributions from anonymous users are welcomed. Anyone who feels at risk of discrimination is free to contribute anonymously or under a pseudonym.
3. Do not post private/offline contact information in project spaces. We cannot prevent harassment if you do so. If harassment happens on a platform, first use that platform's tools to deal with it, then contact that platform's moderators/staff, then contact the project team about it (in that order). If warning and being blocked do not stop an individual from harassing you, we will remove them from the project. Note that criticism and harassment are two worlds apart.
4. We do not care about your IRL political views or your offline pursuits, but if you bring bad press to this project, expect to get cut like a tumor. Use common sense. For example, if you espouse what are considered extreme/radical ideologies, do not user your real name on this project and this use your real name when supporting said ideologies - and if you do, do not expect to be welcomed or tolerated.  Examples of extreme ideology include racism, homophobia, nazism, communism, etc.
5. You're free to leave this project and be a part of a different project if you feel that the liberties afforded to you by this CoC aren't oppressive enough for your liking.

Conclusion: If you have a problem, attempt to resolve it yourself or through the platform before involving project leadership;  Let common sense be your guide, and understand that the project is not your property and that project leadership must make decisions to benefit the project, which may include decisions to ban contributors or to not accept certain contributions.
